# PLM Study
A large and continuing literature study, based on relevant publications in the filed of PLM (Product Lifecycle Management) and other research domains. 
The project includes 
 * the tools to process the information from a literature database, 
 * the database,
 * and a web project to visualize the data.

## Authors
This project has been initially created by

* Felix Nyffenegger, HSR, Rapperswil, Switzerland
* Louis Rivest, ETS, Montreal, Canada
* Christian Braesch, Univ. Savoie Mont-Blanc - SYMME, Annecy, France

## Brief overview of the Method

## Project structure

This project is divided into 4 sub projects:

* __database__: in this folder we find the original Zotero database, all the normalization files, and the final database generated by the dbgenerator. The main source to this project is a Zotero literature database (https://www.zotero.org/) containing all publications, that should be analyzed.

* __dbgenerator__: a Java project, that takes the original Zotero database, and the normalization files and generates a normalized database. After processing, the tool will write delta files that log all missing keywords, acronyms, countries and sources. In order to complete the proper database, these missing terms must be added to the according normalization files. This subproject requires Java (https://www.java.com), if you are using Eclipse, .project files will be found in this directory, too.

* __gephi__: The tool Gephi (https://gephi.org/) or equivalent must be used to calculate the network, degree of each node, a number of other statistics and the initial layout of the graph (position, size and color of nodes and edges as the will be loaded by the website). Once everything is done in Gephi, the graph must be exported to the website/data directory in the GEXF format.

* __website__: This is a node.js web-server containing back-end and front-end for the visualization of the data. The databases and the GEXF files must be copied into the /data folder, in oder to be found by the website. This 



## Installation of the web project

## Process to create and enhance the database
